[Music]
war is a universal language
I know renegade so - mercy never
occurred to me that one might come from
above
space invasion
big car chase
truth be told I was ready to hang it up
to let miss you today so you're not from
around here it's hard to explain
I keep having these memories
I see flashes
[Music]
I think I had a life here
but I can't tell if it's real
we have no idea what threats are out
there
we can't do this alone
we need you
I'm not what you think I am
[Music]
way to go the next day I know my game is
on
she rushes getting out much
oh no I'm freaking out ardh I'm not a
racer what am i you're my best friend
all I gotta do is find a part to fix the
game everything goes back to the way it
was where are we gonna find ya
[Music]
my feet don't wanna get my feet go
housewives wanna meet you do want to get
rich playing video games slaughter race
he's wicked dangerous tension to details
pretty impressive well well well who are
you
I think we should get out of here
Showtime that's right
you know there's so many babies and cats
in the world
I want this to be my life
I don't think I could ever tell her Alf
there's no law saying best friends have
to have the same dreams
[Music]
this is what's called the darknet are
you sure this is safe just whatever you
do do not look at his little brother
little brother what are you doing here
hmm the reason I came to your neck of
the face I mean there's a face in your
neck I mean woods neck of the woods
[Music]
I honestly can't remember why we kept
most of this stuff to begin with we used
to love frying that with mother and
father those days are long behind me
[Music]
little break
MARY POPPINS who came back you seemed
hardly to have aged at all really
one never discusses a woman's age
Michael would have hoped I taught you
better
[Music]
what brings you here after all this time
same thing that brought me the first
time I've come to look after the bank's
children oh yes you too what about to
lose our home everything's falling to
pieces since your mother
famous mother
nothing's gone forever only out of place
it's good thing you come along when you
did Mary Poppins
to what
[Music]
so you've been off filling the
children's heads with stuff and nonsense
you forgot what it's like to be a child
[Music]
everything is possible if it be
impossible
[Music]
Oh freak out
to steal their Christmas cookie this is
our enemy we must resist who is this me
fellow with a skin our brain is teeth
are yellow we will drop the slave from
the roof okay go team smile if I'm gonna
become Santa then I need to get into
character
[Music]
it's got hang
you're 17 now we'll be riding in style
[Music]
decoration of town now to the xmax
max I'm promoting you you will guide my
sleigh tonight
what max
[Music]
bridge max you know the rules you sleep
in your bed and I sleep in that's did
you teach him puppy eyes fine we cannot
just eat people I see it
[Music]
is there something you wanna tell me
nope
[Music]
with my eyes cooperate
and you just might survive
how are you doing Eddie you look
terrible oh I have a parasite set on
that we defeated 13
are you not least four-cylinder The Girl
with the Dragon Tattoo
the girl who hurts men I'm transferring
all of your cash to your wife he won't
hurt you again
oh they'll see lucky ladies why did you
help everyone but me I've been told
you're the only person who can pull this
off that depends what am I looking for I
realized too late that I created an
abomination any want me to steal it for
you please help me someone set me up I
need you out
who's that
that's what I want to know
attract all of his ex associates every
single one leads back to one place
home for 16 years I've imagined this
moment justice olanta someone always has
to carry the pain now it's your turn
sister itself
she's been behind all of this
wherever she's planning it's bigger than
just you I know what she's capable we're
running out of time
now the world will burn
thank everyone window
it was you who lit the match
[Music]
[Applause]
what you thought you didn't have a plan
Thomas your sister she's gone
these people they're blasphemers occult
a disease bring her home named Thomas
Richardson a gleam of a world in which
each waking day we rise is pulled this
island it's our paradise we have an
intruder on our land and we have to find
him
you means they've seen things
who are you he shall be cleansed
according to the Edict of this land the
promise of the divine is but an illusion
God is pain God is suffering you wear
false prophets which come to you in
sheep's clothing but inwardly they are
ravening rules let us begin
[Applause]
[Music]
forgive us
sit back projection cue music an
accident Hollywood legends mr. Stan
Laurel and Oliver Hardy arrived in
Britain today as they embarked on a
national tour we're doing this while
waiting for this new picture to come
together I'm gonna make sure that this
tour gets off the right foot this Eiffel
Tower it's amazing that you two are
still going strong still using the same
old material yeah
such a wonderful reception isn't it Eden
it's okay to double X for the price of
one for the everything last night I
guess people just don't want to see long
hard anymore
he's even pushing you a little too early
you know Stan you could have said
goodbye Oliver a long time ago we had a
good thing going but you had this big
chip on your shoulder cuz I did a
picture with someone else I couldn't
sleep the days when they told me what
you did you're just a lazy ass got lucky
because you met me
lucky to spend my life of the man who
hides behind his typewriter you betrayed
me betrayed our friendship
yeah Hollow you cannot go onstage again
in your condition
I love you but I won't stand by and
watch this nutty tour put you in a
wooden box I just never had us take this
tour I love it Lida
[Music]
you're not leaving on your stand the
show must go on
[Music]
when you watch our movies that is just
the two of us in there regrette rien you
shouldn't read reverie any
ladies and gentlemen Stan Laurel and mr.
Oliver hot
I'll miss this one we're going shall we
when I tried it I felt better than ever
had so I just kept on doing it
why no I thought we were closer than
most fathers and sons this isn't us this
is not who we have you stop
there are moments that I look at him and
I wonder who he is
how's that boy David I'm not giving up
now never
[Music]
you always gotta be controlling
everything doesn't make any sense
control right now let us help you I
don't want you to know don't you
understand that I had such grand plans
you'd graduate from college do something
amazing and now I just wanted to not die
who are you Nick this isn't me that here
this is Who I am
if you could take all the words in the
language it's still in describing each
other I love you more than everything
I'm really sorry it's hard as hell to
get sober but I love my family I want to
be proud of me
[Music]
I understand how scared you are it'll
pass though it always does
Mack what you have is extraordinary
you're gonna get it back you're gonna
find it again
Oh
[Music]